The camel husk, parched, lunge buffs,
and more just got added in the newest
snapshot. Here's what changed. First,
the camel husk got added, which acts
like a zombie horse and has a husk with
a spear riding it. But to make it even
harder, the camel husk also has a new
mob, the parched, riding it, which is a
desert variant of a skeleton that slowly
shoots weakness arrows from the back of
the camel husk. The parched also spawns
randomly around the desert biome. Just
like the husk, these mobs will only
spawn in the desert and they won't burn
during the day. So, the desert will be a
much more dangerous biome than it used
to be. If you kill the riders of the
camel husk, you can tame the camel husk
for yourself. Also, horses, camels,
donkeys, and mules just got a big buff,
allowing them to swim when the player is
riding them instead of sinking and
kicking the player off of them. And
finally, the lunge enchantment, which
launches the player forward, just got a
huge buff and a tiny nerf. The lunge
enchantment now takes one durability per
use, but it's also way stronger because
it used to take three, four, or five
hunger to use the different lunge
levels, and now it's 1, two, or Three.